Since he selected me, Great Qin, as a great talent for the country and the people
How can this question be simple?
In front of me
The world forces this man to have government affairs everywhere
Am I going to let it go?
Break it and refuse
Get up.
It is not difficult to open up this ladder
Farming is not difficult
As soon as possible
It's hard to farm at the lowest cost.
Urge love, you are my former champion
It is rumored that the 8-year-old wrote poetry
12-Year-old reading and translation
He is one of the four great talents in Changan
Amazing talent
you
What can I do?
Lamb, lamb
I just made you stick your tongue out like a yellow mask and get stuck in the nest
Now let you know
What is true skill?
Those little tricks are never on the table
Your Majesty, this question is very simple
What are you mad about?
Leaderless since ancient times
Immature
Even in the backcountry
If you want poetic taboos, find the head of this group of dragons
This villager is lazy
It doesn't matter.
Find the leader
Learn to rewrite
vile lure
Give him a little head-on profit
Let this person scare away the villagers
Shhhh Tuzhi
Afraid that this villager will not be of use to me
Cui Zhuangyuan's move is very brave
Relatives really admire
Service champion
I am the Jack champion of His Majesty's Qing Dynasty
The old man and the prince are still talking about the past
lamb
Right
What do you think?
Cui Zhuangyuan is good at this time
But it's not the cheapest way to get there.
What's more, people are insatiable
Although not necessarily using gravity
But if that person temporarily turns against the water
Cui Zhuangyuan, how should you set it up?
Although this plan can be implemented
But the risk is too high
The grass-roots people have a plan
With very low risk
Very low cost can achieve the goal